Add docs for SYSLIB5003 (#43288)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/syslib-diagnostics/syslib5003.md

---
title: SYSLIB5003 warning
description: Learn about the diagnostic that generates compile-time warning SYSLIB5003.
ms.date: 11/01/2024
f1_keywords:
  - syslib5003
---

# SYSLIB5003: SVE is a preview feature can be used by enabling EnablePreviewFeatures flag

> In .NET 9 first set of non-streaming SVE APIs were introduced as [[Experimental]](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.diagnostics.codeanalysis.experimentalattribute?view=net-9.0). This indicates that both the internal implementation and the generated code for SVE may undergo changes. This includes potential modifications to method signatures, parameters, or namespaces in future updates, aimed at ensuring robust support for upcoming SVE technologies and streaming SVE designs. If you are using these APIs in your project, enable the preview mode in your project using `EnablePreviewFeatures`.

Reviewer: We can use `<xref />` links, and we also need to make sure not to include `en-us` in any links. I think these APIs can be used without `EnablePreviewFeatures` too, since they don't require preview runtime bits--just suppressing the SYSLIB5003 diagnostic.

```suggestion
In .NET 9, the first set of non-streaming SVE APIs were introduced and annotated with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute>. This indicates that both the internal implementation and the generated code for SVE may undergo changes. This includes potential modifications to method signatures, parameters, or namespaces in future updates, aimed at ensuring robust support for upcoming SVE technologies and streaming SVE designs. If you are using these APIs in your project, the `SYSLIB5003` diagnostic will need to be suppressed.
```

> ```csharp
> <PropertyGroup>    
>     <EnablePreviewFeatures>True</EnablePreviewFeatures>
>   </PropertyGroup>
> ```
> 
> [!INCLUDE [suppress-syslib-warning](includes/suppress-source-generator-diagnostics.md)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To suppress the warnings in a project file:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
   <!-- SYSLIB50003: System.Runtime.Intrinsics.Arm.Sve is experimental -->
   <NoWarn>$(NoWarn);SYSLIB5003</NoWarn>
</PropertyGroup>
```

To suppress the warnings in code:

```csharp
// Disable the warning: System.Runtime.Intrinsics.Arm.Sve is experimental
#pragma warning disable SYSLIB5003

// Code that uses the experimental API
//...

// Re-enable the warning
#pragma warning restore SYSLIB5003
```

```

## See also

> - [Future work](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/engineering-sve-in-dotnet/#8.-future)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Experimental features](experimental-overview.md)
- [Future work](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/engineering-sve-in-dotnet/#8.-future)
```

---
title: SYSLIB5003 warning
description: Learn about the diagnostic that generates compile-time warning SYSLIB5003.
ms.date: 11/01/2024
f1_keywords:
  - syslib5003
---

# SYSLIB5003: SVE is a preview feature can be used by enabling EnablePreviewFeatures flag

> In .NET 9, the first set of non-streaming SVE APIs were introduced and annotated with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute>. This indicates that both the internal implementation and the generated code for SVE may undergo changes. This includes potential modifications to method signatures, parameters, or namespaces in future updates, aimed at ensuring robust support for upcoming SVE technologies and streaming SVE designs. If you are using these APIs in your project, the `SYSLIB5003` diagnostic will need to be suppressed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In .NET 9, the first set of non-streaming SVE APIs were introduced and annotated with the <xref:System.Diagnostics.CodeAnalysis.ExperimentalAttribute>. This attribute indicates that both the internal implementation and the generated code for SVE might undergo changes. These potential changes include modifications to method signatures, parameters, or namespaces in future updates, aimed at ensuring robust support for upcoming SVE technologies and streaming SVE designs. If you're using these APIs in your project, you'll need to suppress the `SYSLIB5003` diagnostic.
```

To suppress the warnings in a project file:

```xml
<PropertyGroup>
   <!-- SYSLIB50003: System.Runtime.Intrinsics.Arm.Sve is experimental -->
   <NoWarn>$(NoWarn);SYSLIB5003</NoWarn>

> </PropertyGroup>

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
</PropertyGroup>
```
````
